
msolve library for polynomial system solving
implemented by J. Berthomieu, C. Eder, M. Safey El Din

Basic call:
	 ./msolve -f [FILE1] -o [FILE2]

FILE1 and FILE2 are respectively the input and output files

Standard options

-f FILE  File name (mandatory).

-h       Prints this help.
-o FILE  Name of output file.
-t THR   Number of threads to be used.
         Default: 1.
-v n     Level of verbosity, 0 - 2
         0 - no output (default).
         1 - global information at the start and
             end of the computation.
         2 - detailed output for each step of the
             algorithm, e.g. matrix sizes, #pairs, ...
Input file format:
	 - first line: variables separated by a comma
	 - second line: characteristic of the field
	 - next lines provide the polynomials (one per line),
	   separated by a comma
	   (no comma after the final polynomial)

Output file format: 
When there is no solution in an algebraic closure of the base field
[-1]:
Where there are infinitely many solutions in 
an algebraic closure of the base field: 
[1, nvars, -1,[]]:
Else:
Over prime fields: a rational parametrization of the solutions
When input coefficients are rational numbers: 
real solutions to the input system (see the -P flag to recover a parametrization of the solutions)
See the msolve tutorial for more details (https://msolve.lip6.fr)

Advanced options:

-F FILE  File name encoding parametrizations in binary format.

-g GB    Prints reduced Groebner bases of input system for
         first prime characteristic w.r.t. grevlex ordering.
         One element per line is printed, commata separated.
         0 - Nothing is printed. (default)
         1 - Lead ideal is printed.
         2 - Full reduced Groebner basis is printed.
-c GEN   Handling genericity: If the staircase is not generic
         enough, msolve can automatically try to fix this
         situation via first trying a change of the order of
         and finally adding a random linear form with a new
         variable (smallest w.r.t. DRL)
         0 - Nothing is done, msolve quits.
         1 - Change order of variables.
         2 - Change order of variables, then try adding a
             random linear form. (default)
-C       Use sparse-FGLM-col algorithm:
         Given an input file with k polynomials
         compute the quotient of the ideal
         generated by the first k-1 polynomials
         with respect to the kth polynomial.
-e ELIM  Define an elimination order: msolve supports two
         blocks, each block using degree reverse lexicographical
         monomial order. ELIM has to be a number between
         1 and #variables-1. The basis the first block eliminated
         is then computed.
-I       Isolates the real roots (provided some univariate data)
         without re-computing a Gröbner basis
         Default: 0 (no).
-l LIN   Linear algebra variant to be applied:
          1 - exact sparse / dense
          2 - exact sparse (default)
         42 - sparse / dense linearization (probabilistic)
         44 - sparse linearization (probabilistic)
-m MPR   Maximal number of pairs used per matrix.
         Default: 0 (unlimited).
-p PRE   Precision of the real root isolation.
         Default is 32.
-P PAR   Get also rational parametrization of solution set.
         Default is 0. For a detailed description of the output
         format please see the general output data format section
         above.
-q Q     Uses signature-based algorithms.
         Default: 0 (no).
-r RED   Reduce Groebner basis.
         Default: 1 (yes).
-s HTS   Initial hash table size given
         as power of two. Default: 17.
-S       Use f4sat saturation algorithm:
         Given an input file with k polynomials
         compute the saturation of the ideal
         generated by the first k-1 polynomials
         with respect to the kth polynomial.
-u UHT   Number of steps after which the
         hash table is newly generated.
         Default: 0, i.e. no update.
